Western - civilization

第一段落

In 431 B.C., war erupted as two dramatically different Greek city-states—Athens and Sparta—fought for domination of the Greek world.

The people of Athens felt secure behind their walls and in the first winter of the war held a public funeral to honor those who had died in battle. On the day of the ceremony, the citizens of Athens joined in a procession, with the relatives of the dead wailing for their loved ones. As was the custom in Athens, one leading citizen was asked to address the crowd, and on this day it was Pericles who spoke to the people. He talked about the greatness of Athens and reminded the Athenians of the strength of their political system:

“Our constitution is called a democracy because power is in the hands not of a minority but of the whole people. When it is a question of settling private disputes, everyone is equal before the law. Just as our political life is free and open, so is our day-to-day life in our relations with each other. Here each individual is interested not only in his own affairs but in the affairs of the state as well.”


习惯用法：
fight for domination of sw. ( 为某地的统治权争斗 )
In ancient Chinese history, two powerful dynasties fought for the domination of the Central Plains.
In the middle ages, two city-states fought for the domination of northern Italy.
In the 17th century Europe, two powerful countries fought for the domination of the Baltic Sea. 
In ancient Africa, several tribes fought for the domination of the Nile River basin.
In modern history, two colonial countries fought for the domination of Southeast Asia.



sb. feel secure behind sw. （ 在某地后感到安心 ）
The villagers feel secure behind the high fence.
The children feel secure behind their parents.
The soldiers feel secure behind their walls.
The soldiers feel secure behind their shields.
The residents feel secure behind the community gate.



In the first winter of st. （ 在某个时间段的第一个冬天 ）
In the first winter of the war, they held a public funeral to honor those who had died in battle.
In the first winter of the project, the team reviewed their progress.
In the first winter of his new job, he learned many new skills.
In the first winter of their marriage, they traveled to the north to see snow.
In the first winter of the school year, the students prepared for the final exam.





held a public funeral. （ 召开一个公共葬礼 ）
Who held a public funeral?
The town held a public funeral for the respected elder.
The community held a public funeral for the soldier who had died in the battle.
The city government held a public funeral for the rescuers who had died in the disaster.
The army held a public funeral for the soldiers who had died in the border conflict.




the relative of sb. ( 某人的亲戚 )
The relatives of victims prayed silently near the accident scene.
The relatives of the elderly man visit him at the nursing home every week.
The relatives of the missing sailors waited for the latest news at the port.
The relatives of the winning athletes cheered excitedly by the side of the field.
The relatives of the affected people comforted each other at the resettlement site.



remind sb. of st. ( 提醒某人某事 )
He talked about the greatness of Athens and reminded the Athenians of strength of their  political system.
Mon’s nagging always reminds me to eat on time.
These old photographs always remind me of the happy times in my childhood.
This song always reminds her of the journey with her friends.
The teacher’s words always remind us of the importance of our studying.
The taste of hometown always reminds him of where his roots are.




be called st. (.被称作… )
This city is called “Spring city”.
This flower is called “Sunflower”.
This river is called “Mother River”.
That movie is called a classic.
This traditional craft is called intangible cultural heritage.


not of …. but of …. ( 不是… 但是…)
The book is written not of a student but of a teacher.
The leader of this project is not of a new guy but of a senior employee.
The organizer of this activity is not a company but a school.
The members of this team are not of professional players but of amateurs.
The winner of this award is not of an actor, but of a director.



It is a question of sth. （ 这是一个关于某事的问题 ）
When it is a question of settling private disputes, everyone is equal before the law.
It is a question of choosing a major.
It is a question of time to solve the problem.
It is a question of trust in teamwork.
It is a question of mind power to keep going.
It is a question of patience when learning a new skill.


 




第二段落

In this famous Funeral Oration, Pericles gave voice to the ideal of democracy and the importance of the individual. It was the Greeks who constructed the intellectual foundations of our Western heritage. They asked some basic questions about human life that still dominate our own intellectual pursuits: What is the nature of the universe? What is the purpose of human existence? What is our relationship to divine forces? What constitutes a community? What constitutes a state? What is true education? What are the true sources of law? What is truth itself, and how do we realize it?

Not only did the Greeks provide answers to these questions, but they created a system of logical, analytical thought to examine them. This rational outlook has remained an important feature of Western civilization.

The remarkable story of ancient Greek civilization begins with the arrival of the first Greeks around 1900 B.C. By the eighth century B.C., the characteristic institution of ancient Greek life, the polis or city-state, had emerged. Greek civilization flourished and reached its height in the Classical era of the fifth century B.C., which has come to be closely identified with the achievements of Athenian democracy.



习惯用法

give voice to sth. ( 表达某事；说出某事 )
This reporter’s reports give voice to the education issues in remote areas.
The teacher’s worlds give voice to the real thoughts of students.
This poem gives voice to people’s longing for peace.
This documentary gives voice to the living conditions of endangered animals.
Social activists give voice to the rights of minority groups.


come to be closely identified with sth.( 逐渐被紧密地联系起来 )
The city’s name has come to be closely identified with the ancient canal.
This writer has come to be closely identified with realist literature.
This brand has come to be closely identified with high-quality craftsmanship.
This art form has come to be closely identified with folk tales.
This scientist has come to be closely identified with breakthroughs in quantum physics.





Early Greece 
Geography played an important role in Greek history. Compared to the landmasses of Mesopotamia and Egypt, Greece was compact: its mountainous peninsula encompassed only 45,000 square miles of territory, about the same as the state of Louisiana. The mountains and the sea were especially significant.

Much of Greece consists of small plains and river valleys surrounded by mountain ranges 8,000 to 10,000 feet high. The mountainous terrain had the effect of isolating Greeks from one another. Consequently, Greek communities tended to follow their own separate paths and develop their own way of life. As time went on, these communities became attached to their independence and were only too willing to fight one another to gain advantage. No doubt the small size of these independent Greek communities fostered participation in political affairs and unique cultural expressions, but the rivalry among these communities also led to the bitter warfare that ultimately devastated Greek society.

The sea also influenced the evolution of Greek society. Greece had a long seacoast, dotted by bays and inlets that provided numerous harbors. The Greeks also inhabited a number of islands to the west, south, and particularly the east of the Greek mainland. It is no accident that the Greeks became seafarers who sailed out into the Aegean and the Mediterranean first to make contact with the outside world and later to establish colonies that would spread Greek civilization throughout the Mediterranean region.

Topography helped determine the major territories into which Greece was ultimately divided.

South of the Gulf of Corinth was the Peloponnesus, virtually an island (see Map 3.1). Consisting mostly of hills, mountains, and small valleys, the Peloponnesus was the location of Sparta, as well as the site of Olympia, where famous athletic games were held.

Northeast of the Peloponnesus was the Attic peninsula (or Attica), the home of Athens, hemmed in by mountains to the north and west and surrounded by the sea to the south and east.

Northwest of Attica was Boeotia in central Greece with its chief city of Thebes.

To the north of Boeotia was Thessaly, which contained the largest plains and became a great producer of grain and horses.

To the north of Thessaly lay Macedonia, which was not of much importance in Greek history until 338 B.C., when a Macedonian king, Philip II, conquered the Greeks.

习惯用法
play an important role in st. （ 在...中扮演重要的角色 ）
	Eduction plays an important role in people’s lives.
	Technology plays an important role in economic development.
	Teamwork plays an important role in the completion of the team project.
	Good communication plays an important role in interpersonal relationships.
	Innovation plays an important role in company development.

compare to sth. ( 与…相比 )
	The country’s life is slower compared to the city’s life.
	The spring’s temperature is more pleasant compared to the winter’s.
	E-books are more portable compared to paper books.
	Swimming puts less pressure on joints compared to running.
	Modern transportation methods are more diverse compared to the past.


the same as the state of sth. ( 面积和…一样大 )
	This room’s size is the same as the state of that room.
	Today’s whether condition is the same as yesterday’s.
	The functions of this cell phone are the same as the state of that one.
	The speed of this computer is the same as the state of that one.
	The taste of this cake is the same as the state of that one.

consists of sth. ( 由…组成 )
	This dish consists of vegetables and meat.
	This group consists of five members.
	This article consists of three parts.
	This drink consists of juice and soda.
	This class consists of twenty students.

have the effect of isolating A from B. ( 产生A与B隔离开的效果 )
	Overusing social media may have the effect of isolating people from real life.
	Working alone for a long time may have the effect of isolating people from the team.
	Language barriers may have the effect of isolating tourists from local citizens.
	Different interests and hobbies may have the effect of isolating friends from each other.
	The strict family rules may have the effect of isolating children from the outside world.
	
As time went on (随着时间的推移)
	As time went on, I gradually understood the importance of hard work.
	As time went on, the small town developed into a busy town.
	As time went on, their friendship became deeper and deeper.
	As time went on, the old man’s memory became worse.
	As time went on, the project made more and more progress.

be willing to do sth. (非常愿意做某事)
	He is willing to help people who are in trouble.
	She is willing to spent a lot of time staying with her family.
	They are willing to put in extra effort for this project.
	I am willing to try new methods to solve this problem.
	We are willing to listen to different opinions to improve the plan.

gain an advantage (获取利益)
	The people who get up early always use the quiet morning time to study to gain an advantage.
	Mastering multiple languages can help you gain an advantage when looking for a job.
	Preparing in advance can help the team gain an advantage in the competition.
	Understanding market trends can help enterprises gain an advantage in competition.
	Good communication skills can help you gain an advantage in interpersonal relationships.


No doubt ( 毫无疑问 )
	There is no doubt that studying hard will bring good grades.
	There is no doubt that the teamwork is the key to project success.
	There is no doubt that a healthy diet is beneficial to the body.
	There is no doubt that that technological innovation will promote social progress.
	There is no doubt that keeping exercising can strengthen your physical fitness.

participation in sth. （ 参与某事 ）
	Participation in class discussions will help your better understand knowledge.
	Participation in community service can enrich your life experience.
	Participation in team sports can cultivate a spirit of cooperation.
	Participation in volunteer activities can enhance social responsibility.
	Participation in art projects can stimulate creativity.

It is no accident that … ( ….绝非偶然 )
	It is no accident that he achieved success because he put in a lot of hard work.
	it is no accident that this team won because they trained very hard.
	It is no accident that she got into the college because she studied very late every day.
	It is no accident that he has good health because he kept exercising every day.
	It is no accident that she plays the piano well because she practices for two hours every day.

as well as ( 除…之外 )
hemmed in by sth. ( 被…包围 )
To the north of sw. was … ( 某地的北方是…. )


Minoan Crete

The earliest civilization in the Aegean region emerged on the large island of Crete, southeast of the Greek mainland. A Bronze Age civilization that used metals, especially bronze, in making weapons had been established there by 2800 B.C. This forgotten civilization was rediscovered at the turn of the twentieth century by the English archaeologist Arthur Evans, who named it "Minoan" after Minos, a legendary king of Crete. In language and religion, the Minoans were not Greek, although they did have some influence on the peoples of the Greek mainland.

Evans's excavations on Crete at the beginning of the twentieth century led to the discovery of an enormous palace complex at Knossus, near modern Heracleion, that was most likely the center of a far-ranging "sea empire," probably largely commercial. We know from archaeological remains that the people of Minoan Crete were accustomed to sea travel and had made contact with the more advanced civilization of Egypt.

The Minoan civilization reached its height between 2000 and 1450 B.C. The palace at Knossus, the royal seat of the kings, demonstrates the prosperity and power of this civilization. It was an elaborate structure built around a central courtyard and included numerous private living rooms for the royal family and workshops for making decorated vases, small sculptures, and jewelry. Even bathrooms, with elaborate drains, were part of the complex. The rooms were decorated with frescoes in bright colors showing sporting events and naturalistic scenes that have led some observers to conclude that the Cretans had a great love of nature.

The centers of Minoan civilization on Crete suffered a sudden and catastrophic collapse around 1450 B.C. The cause of this destruction has been: vigorously debated. Some historians believe that a tsunami triggered by a powerful volcanic eruption on the island of Thera was responsible for the devastation. Most historians, however, maintain that the destruction was the result of invasion and pillage by mainland Greeks known as the Mycenaeans.

习惯用法
at the turn of the twentieth century ( 在20世纪刚开始那几年 )
At the turn of the twentieth century, a lot of new technologies began to change people’s lives.
At the turn of the twentieth century, the rapid development of cities brought many new opportunities.
At the turn of the 19th century, the Industrial Revolution began to affect the whole world.
At the turn of the 18th century, the Enlightenment ideas bagan to spread widely in Europe.
At the turn of the 20th century, many artists began to look for new art forms.


sth./sb. have some influence on sb. (对某人有影响)
The parents’s worlds have some influence on their children’s growth.
A good education has important influence on a person’s future development.
The internet culture has some influence on young people’s values.
Historical events have profound influence on a country’s development path.
A good teacher has some influence on their students.

let to the discovery of sth. ( 导致发现了某物 )
Many years of research work led to the discovery of this important scientific finding.
An accidental observation led to the discovery of penicillin.
Continuous observation of the starry sky led to the discovery of new planets.
Maritime exploration led to the discovery of the New World.
His research led to the discovery of a new element.

be accustomed to sth. ( 被习惯于某物 )
After living in the north for many years, he has been accustomed to cold winters.
She was soon accustomed to the rhythm of the new job.
After staying up late for a long time, he was accustomed to going to bed late.
After working hard for a long time, he was accustomed to the rhythm of this job.
I was accustomed to going to sleep late.





The First Greek State: Mycenae
The term Mycenaean is derived from Mycenae, a remarkable fortified site first excavated by the amateur German archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann. Mycenae was one center in a Greek civilization that flourished between 1600 and 1100 B.C. The Mycenaean Greeks were part of the Indo-European family of peoples (see Chapter 2) who spread from their original location into southern and western Europe, India, and Iran. One group entered the territory of Greece from the north around 1900 B.C. and managed to gain control of the Greek mainland and develop a civilization.

Mycenaean civilization, which reached its high point between 1400 and 1200 B.C., consisted of a number of powerful monarchies based in fortified palace complexes. Like Mycenae itself, the palaces were built on hills and surrounded by gigantic stone walls. These various centers of power probably formed a loose confederacy of independent states, with Mycenae being the strongest. Next in importance to the kings in these states were the army commanders, priests, and the bureaucrats who kept careful records. The free citizenry included peasants, soldiers, and artisans, and the lowest rung of the social ladder consisted of serfs and slaves.

The Mycenaeans were, above all, a warrior people who prided themselves on their heroic deeds in battle. Some scholars believe that the Mycenaeans, led by Mycenae itself, spread outward militarily, conquering Crete and making it part of the Mycenaean world. The most famous of all their supposed military adventures has come down to us in the epic poetry of Homer. Did the Mycenaean Greeks, led by Agamemnon, king of Mycenae, indeed sack the city of Troy on the northwestern coast of Asia Minor around 1250 B.C., as Homer described? Since the excavations of Heinrich Schliemann, begun in 1870, scholars have debated this question. Many believe that Homer's account does have a basis in fact.

By the late thirteenth century B.C., Mycenaean Greece was showing signs of serious trouble. Mycenae itself was torched around 1190 B.C., and other Mycenaean centers show similar patterns of destruction as new waves of Greek-speaking invaders moved in from the north. By 1100 B.C., the Mycenaean culture was coming to an end, and the Greek world was entering a new period of considerable insecurity.


习惯用法
be derived ( 发源于… )
Spread from ( 来源于.. )
sack the city of sw. (解放了某个城市 )


The Greeks in a Dark Age

(c. 1100--c. 750 B.C.)

Focus Question: Who was Homer, and why was his work used as the basis for Greek education?

After the collapse of Mycenaean civilization, Greece entered a difficult period in which the population declined and food production dropped. Because of the dire conditions and our meager knowledge about the period, historians call it the Dark Age. Not until 850 B.C. did farming revive. At the same time, some new developments were forming the basis for a revived Greece.

During the Dark Age, large numbers of Greeks left the mainland and migrated across the Aegean Sea to various islands and especially to the western shores of Asia Minor, a strip of territory that came to be called Ionia. The Greeks who resided there were called Ionians. Two other major groups of Greeks settled in established parts of Greece. The Aeolian Greeks, located in northern and central Greece, colonized the large island of Lesbos and the adjacent territory of the mainland. The Dorians established themselves in southwestern Greece, especially in the Peloponnesus, as well as on some of the islands in the south Aegean Sea, including Crete.

Other important activities occurred in the Dark Age as well. Greece saw a revival of some trade and some economic activity besides agriculture. Iron came into use for the construction of weapons. And at some point in the eighth century B.C., the Greeks adopted the Phoenician alphabet to give themselves a new system of writing. Near the very end of this Dark Age appeared the work of Homer, who has come to be viewed as one of the greatest poets of all time.


习惯用法
enter a difficult period ( 进入了一个艰难的周期 )
The company entered a difficult period after the economic crisis.
The little shop entered a difficult period during the epidemic.
His studies entered a difficult period when he was in the third year of senior high school.
This ancient tradition entered a difficult period in modern society.
The football team entered a difficult period after the main player was injured.

has come to be viewed as …. (逐渐被视为) 
This movie has come to be viewed as classic.
This method has come to be viewed as an effective way to solve problems.
His theory has come to be viewed as an important breakthrough in the field.
This building has come to be viewed as a landmark of the city.
This festival has come to be viewed as a symbol of family reunion.



HOMER’S IDEAL OF EXCELLENCE

The Iliad and the Odyssey were used as basic texts for the education of Greeks for hundreds of years in antiquity. This passage from the Iliad, describing a conversation between Hector, prince of Troy, and his wife, Andromache, illustrates the Greek ideal of gaining honor through combat. At the end of the passage, Homer also reveals what became the Greek attitude toward women: women are supposed to spin and weave and take care of their households and their children.

Homer, Iliad

Hector looked at his son and smiled, but said nothing. Andromache, bursting into tears, went up to him and put her hand in his. “Hector,” she said, “you are possessed. This bravery of yours will be your end. You do not think of your little boy or your unhappy wife, whom you will make a widow soon. Some day the Achaeans are bound to kill you in a massed attack. And when I lose you I might as well be dead. ... I have no father, no mother, now. ... I had seven brothers too at home. In one day all of them went down to Hades’ House. The great Achilles of the swift feet killed them all. ...

“So you, Hector, are father and mother and brother to me, as well as my beloved husband. Have pity on me now; stay here on the tower; and do not make your boy an orphan and your wife a widow. ...”

“All that, my dear,” said the great Hector of the glittering helmet, “is surely my concern. But if I hid myself like a coward and refused to fight, I could never face the Trojans and the Trojan ladies in their trailing gowns. Besides, it would go against the grain, for I have trained myself always, like a good soldier, to take my place in the front line and win glory for my father and myself. ...”

As he finished, glorious Hector held out his arms to take his boy. But the child shrank back with a cry to the bosom of his girdled nurse, alarmed by his father’s appearance. He was frightened by the bronze of the helmet and the horsehair plume that he saw nodding grimly down at him. His father and his lady mother had to laugh. But noble Hector quickly took his helmet off and put the dazzling thing on the ground. Then he kissed his son, dandled him in his arms, and prayed to Zeus and the other gods: “Zeus; and you other gods, grant that this boy of mine may be, like me, preeminent in Troy; as strong and brave as I; a mighty king of Ilium. May people say, when he comes back from battle, ‘Here is a better man than his father.’ Let him bring home the bloodstained armor of the enemy he has killed, and make his mother happy.”

Hector handed the boy to his wife, who took him to her fragrant breast. She was smiling through her tears, and when her husband saw this he was moved. He stroked her with his hand and said: “My dear, I beg you not to be too much distressed. No one is going to send me down to Hades before my proper time. But Fate is a thing that no man born of woman, coward or hero, can escape. Go home now, and attend to your own work, the loom and the spindle, and see that the maidservants get on with theirs. War is men’s business; and this war is the business of every man in Ilium, myself above all.”


习惯用法
be bound to do something，(“注定会做某事；一定会做某事” )
People who study hard are bound to make some progress.
If you don’t follow the rules, you are bound to get into trouble sooner of later.
The emergence of new technologies is bound to change people’s lifestyles.
As long as you keep going, you are bound to succeed.
The weather is so gloomy that it is bound to rain in the afternoon.

take pity on sb. ( 怜悯sb.)
She takes pity on the poor child.
Everyone takes pity on him who is in trouble.
We shouldn’t take pity on those who don’t work hard.
He immediately went forward to take pity on the old man when he saw him fall.
Why don’t you take pity on that poor girl?



held out his arms to take sb. (伸出他的双臂去抱某人)



Homer and Homeric Greece

The Iliad and the Odyssey, the great epic poems of early Greece, were based on stories that had been passed down from generation to generation. It is generally assumed that early in the eighth century B.C., Homer made use of these oral traditions to compose the Iliad, his epic of the Trojan War. The war was precipitated by Paris, a prince of Troy, whose kidnapping of Helen, wife of the king of the Greek state of Sparta, outraged all the Greeks. Under the leadership of the Spartan king’s brother, Agamemnon of Mycenae, the Greeks attacked Troy. Ten years later, the Greeks finally won and sacked the city.

But the Iliad is not so much the story of the war itself as it is the tale of the Greek hero Achilles and how the "wrath of Achilles" led to disaster. As is true of all great literature, the Iliad abounds in universal lessons. Underlying them all is the clear message, as one commentator has observed, that "men will still come and go like the generations of leaves in the forest; that [man] will still be weak, and the gods strong and incalculable; that the quality of a man matters more than his achievement; that violence and recklessness will still lead to disaster, and that this will fall on the innocent as well as on the guilty."¹

The Odyssey, Homer’s other masterpiece, is an epic romance that recounts the journeys of a Greek hero named Odysseus after the fall of Troy and his ultimate return to his wife. But there is a larger vision here as well: the testing of the heroic stature of Odysseus until, by both cunning and patience, he prevails. In the course of this testing, the underlying moral message is "that virtue is a better policy than vice."

Although the Iliad and the Odyssey supposedly deal with the heroes of the Mycenaean age of the thirteenth century B.C., many scholars believe that they really describe the social conditions of the Dark Age. According to the Homeric view, Greece was a society based on agriculture in which a landed warrior-aristocracy controlled much wealth and exercised considerable power. Homer’s world reflects the values of aristocratic heroes.

习惯用法
were based on stories ( 基于一些故事 )
had been passed down from generation to generation ( 一代一代的传下来 )
is generally assumed  （通常被认为是）
make use of ( 利用 )
epic of sth. (…… 的史诗)
be precipitated ( 被…引发的 )
under the leadership of sb. ( 在…的领导下 )
abounds in sth. ( 充满了… )
Recounts sth. ( 讲述… / 叙述..)
in the course of sth. ( 在…的过程中 )
According to ( 根据/按照…. )


Homer’s Enduring Importance

This explains the importance of Homer to later generations of Greeks. Homer did not so much record history as make it. The Greeks regarded the Iliad and the Odyssey as authentic history recorded by one poet, Homer. These masterpieces gave the Greeks an idealized past with a cast of heroes and came to be used as standard texts for the education of generations of Greek males. As one Athenian stated, “My father was anxious to see me develop into a good man ... and as a means to this end he compelled me to memorize all of Homer.”³ The values Homer taught were essentially the aristocratic values of courage and honor (see the box above). A hero strives for excellence, which the Greeks called arete. In the warrior-aristocratic world of Homer, arete is won in struggle or contest. Through his willingness to fight, the hero protects his family and friends, preserves his own honor and that of his family, and earns his reputation.

In the Homeric world, aristocratic women, too, were expected to pursue excellence. Penelope, for example, the wife of Odysseus, the hero of the Odyssey, remains faithful to her husband and displays great courage and intelligence in preserving their household during her husband’s long absence. Upon his return, Odysseus praises her: “Madame, there is not a man in the wide world who could find fault with you. For your fame has reached heaven itself, like that of some perfect king, ruling a populous and mighty state with the fear of god in his heart, and upholding the right.”⁴ Homer gave the Greeks a model of heroism, honor, and nobility. But in time, as a new world of city-states emerged in Greece, new values of cooperation and community also transformed what the Greeks learned from Homer.

习惯用法
a cast of （ 一群 ）



















